hey this is Mike just want to show you
this 2006 GMC Canyon and red and this is
a two wheel drive truck as a
four-cylinder engine
as foglights towing hooks it's got the
alloy wheels and looks like some offer
attires there
his toolbox a spray in bedliner
like a rhinoliner style and it does have
a locking tailgate
there's a towing package already
installed it's got a spare tire which
looks pretty good in there
and did say off-road but it is a two
wheel drive truck as I mentioned and
it's checked inside of the back door
here here's the inside of the back door
you got your power window control there
and you're the speaker here's the back
sees
and pretty decent amount of legroom
got some cup holders there
so it looks like
up there
all right here's the inside of the front
door front doors got like a pocket there
at the bottom cup holder and some window
controls door lock controls side mirror
controls
got automatic headlights manual
adjustments on the seats here
all righty so I'm gonna go and hop in
all right got the ACO is kind of warm
today and so hopefully it won't
interfere with the camera too much
here's a steering wheel basically I
don't have any any steering wheel
mounted controls except for the horn I
guess here is your your gauges shut this
door sealed it looks like pretty easy to
read odometer is uh he's a really nice
big desert of digital letters there
here's your radio it does have mp3
player or mp3 it reads mp3 discs here's
your climate control air conditioners
nice nice and cold really good air
conditioners truck
it looks like got some power supplies
down there there's some pockets
cupholders a little armrest here this
top part lifts up them you got some
storage space in here and then the whole
thing lifts up and you got a pretty good
sized cargo space in there for small
items
there's your glove Department rearview
mirror visor he's got a mirror on that
side
looks like back there
all righty I'm really gonna need to hit
already
trying to give you an idea what it looks
like all right if there's something
you're interested in let me know my name
is Mike and my phone number and email
address will be in the description see
you next time